CommieChina
Allied Missions
Axis Missions
Retreat at Dunkirk
Hundred-Regiments Offensive
Operation Crusader
Operation Husky
Operation Overlord
Battle of Okinawa
Operation Downfall
Operation Z
Australia Campaign
Operation Ichigo
Operation Sealion
Italy was unable to defeat the Greeks by themselves. Help them conquer the Balkans before the invasion of Russia.
Encircle the entire Soviet army by attacking around Smolensk. Enemy morale is low and attacking from behind will weaken their forces.
Soviet army encircled
The soviet army has been encircled in Smolensk, where mass desertions and disorder has erupted among the fleeing armies.
Front line collapsing
The Soviet lines are being overrun by the advancing German armies, causing low morale.
Kanoehe Airbase
Hicham Airbase
Wheeler Airbase
We have declared war on the United States. It is time to destroy their navy and dominate the Pacific Ocean! Destroy all the ships at Pearl Harbor.
Chaos
Ill prepared for war, the US navy is severely weakened due to disorganization.
Attack Australia and seize the country's rich resources. Expand the Great East Asia Co-prosperity Sphere!
Rastatt
Metz
Strasbourg
Nancy
Basel
Freiburg
The Western Allies invaded France and pushed us out of the country. Attack the US forces while they are regrouping and regain the initiative!
Unprepared troops
Surprised by the German attack, many US units became disorganized and slow to respond, a situation made worse by infiltrating German commandos.
Allied reinforcements
In response to the German threat, allied command moves several additional divisions to Northern France.
Wuchang
Changsha
Tianjin
The Americans have been using Chinese airfield to conduct raids on our homeland. Destroy them and establish a supply line to Indochina!
Bristol
Rochester
Dover
Boulogne
We have beaten the allies back once again, and this time, the plan is to invade Britain and bring the war to an end. The new Heisenberg device can be used to decimate cities.
Ramsgate
Allied troops have been encircled in northern France. Hold the front line at all costs until our troops can be retreated from Dunkirk.
Nomanhan
Japan wants to invade the Far East. Teach them the power of Soviet industry!
Destroy the Finnish army and force them to cede Karelia.
Stiff Resistance
Finnish resistance is stronger than expected. General Mannerheim maintains an effective line of defense.
Additional Manpower
High command has approved additional resources for this campaign.
Shijiazhuang
Yangqu
Xingko
The Japanese rear is lightly defended. Attack key railroad cities and destroy their supplies!
Bordia
We need to relieve our troops encircled at Tobruk. Rout Rommel's army and drive the Germans out of Africa!
Low Morale
Italians suffer morale issues after the fall of Bordia
Klin
Vyazma
The Germans are at the gates of Moscow. Push them back and relieve the capital!
Reinforcements
Additional troops from the Far East can be redeployed to the front lines.
Lend Lease
Supplies have arrived from the United States
The recapture of Klin has damaged German morale
Pushkin
Leningrad is encircled. Attack the flanks and relieve the city!
Midway
Japan has assembled four carrier fleets to attack at Midway. Destroy the fleets to turn the tide of war!
Armory
The southern fronts have amassed eleven armies for a pincer movement around Paulus' 6th Army in Stalingrad. Cut the army's supply routes and annihilate it!
6th Army Encircled
Paulus' forces weaken due to supply shortages
Relief Operation
Manstein's army has been instructed to help relief Stalingrad
Floridia
Palma
Allied objective is to control the Sicilian islands and advance towards Germany from Italy. Overwhelm the German positions and seize the island.
Colleville
Seize the beachheads of Normandy and elimate German forces in northern France. Overwhelm the defense!
Nago
Isado
As our troops get closer to the Japanese home islands, defense will become increasingly stubborn. Destroy all fortifications on Okinawa to set up air bases for the invasion of Japan proper.
Akita
Niigata
Nagoya
Busan
Hamhung
We are at the doorsteps of Japan. Capture the capital and capitulate Japan into surrender! There are new nuclear weapons that can be used to destroy defenses.
We must not let the communists take over Greece! Reinforce the Hellenic army and defeat the rebels.
North Korea launched a surprise attack on South Korea. Push them back with the coalition!
The Soviets want to surround and capitulate West Berlin. Hold the ground and repel the attacks!
The Soviets deployed ICBM's in Cuba. Invade the island immediately and destroy the missile launchers.
The Arab coalition wants to wipe our nation from the face of Earth. Defend the cities at all costs and drive them back!
The Soviets created a military base in Antarctica. Destroy their nuclear weapons and capture all the bases!
We have finally brought the Soviets to their knees. Destroy the last remnants of the Soviet army and claim victory to the war!
With the support of the workers and peasants, move south and destroy the nationalist armies!
The Europeans and Israelis want to seize control of the Suez Canal. Destroy their troops and push them out!
American mercenaries are attempting to start a coup in Cuba. Hold the cities before reinforcements arrive!
It is time to liberate South Vietnam! Attack from all fronts and overwhelm the Americans.
The Afghans are conspiring with the West. Conduct a special military operation to eliminate extremists in the country.
High command has issued an order for all units to attack on all European fronts. Use the tide of iron and tactical nuclear weapons to steamroll through Western Europe!
The Europeans have been defeated, and the last step is to invade North America. Watch out for American nuclear weapons.